Revision en docs (#1323)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/online-payments/checkout-api/previous-requirements.en.md

## Have your credentials handy
Your credentials are the **keys we provide you to configure your integrations**. In this case, you will use a public and a private key.

* The **Public Key** grants access to the resources that your frontend needs. It allows you to collect credit card data and turn it into a representative token that you can send to your servers securely to create a payment.

* The **Private Key**, or Access Token, will allow you to call the rest of the APIs from your servers. For example, to process a payment, make a refund, or save cards.

> To find them, go to the [Credentials section]([FAKER][CREDENTIALS][URL]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the [Credentials]([FAKER][CREDENTIALS][URL]) section to learn how to obtain these informations.
```
